# Multi-Class-Classification-For-Query-Topic-Prediction
The challenge of categorizing examples into one of three or more classes is known as multiclass classification or multinomial classification in machine learning and statistical classification, whereas categorizing instances into one of two groups is known as binary classification. 
The goal of the multiclass classification, a common machine learning challenge, is to categorize every occurrence into one of a preset set of classes.
A classification model generates scores for each class based on an instance and uses those scores to order the classes. Top-K Accuracy (K=1 or 5) is a common metric used to assess a classification model's performance. Because there are several possible classes for shades of color that each image might fall under, using a model to identify various hues in a painting is an example of a multiclass categorization.A sample can only have one class in multiclass categorization. 
Predicting the subject of a certain query for the yahoo answers dataset is the project's principal objective. 
There are many methods to solve the problem of multiclass classification i.e., by Neural Networks, Random Forest, Naïve Bayes, k-nearest neighbors, Support Vector Machine and many more.But for this project we would be using the neural network model.
Multiclass Classification is a challenging work since we had to classify 10 themes and get a high accuracy, but the dataset at hand was not very helpful in reaching a better result. To attain a better outcome, the dataset should be relatively large but also include more detail on how the data is classified into distinct subjects.
The model employed in the research did not function as predicted, although it nevertheless achieved a reasonable level of accuracy. It was discovered that it predicted the type '7' class index, i.e., Business and Finance, far better than the other classes. In the future we can involve much more attributes to help us classify the class indices to help our model to predict the topic more accurately.
